Add Visibility section to markdown export page (#5362)
mintlify/docs: ai/markdown-export.mdx

curl -H "Accept: text/markdown" https://mintlify.com/docs/ai/markdown-export
```

## Audience-specific content

> Use the [`Visibility`](/components/visibility) component to tailor content for each channel. Content wrapped in `<Visibility for="humans">` appears on the web page but is excluded from Markdown output. Content wrapped in `<Visibility for="agents">` is hidden on the web page but included in Markdown output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [visibility](/components/visibility) component to customize content for each human and AI audiences.

Content wrapped in `<Visibility for="humans">` appears on the web page, but not in Markdown output. Content wrapped in `<Visibility for="agents">` appears in Markdown output, but not on the web page.
```
